---
title: Backwards - Chapter 1
template: SinglePost
status: Published
date: '2018-10-01'
categories:
  - category: Backwards
excerpt: This is placeholder text that our web designers put here to make sure words appear properly on your website. This text is going to be replaced once the website is completed. You are currently reading text that is written in English, not any other language.
---

### Written Tuesday, 24 February 2009 at 2:22am

Do you ever wake up in the morning and cringe before you even open your eyes? When your whole body is flooded with pain, your mindset is already set for the day. This one is going to be crappy.

As Aquarius slowly awoke, she realised that today was going to be just that, crappy. Before she opened her eyes, she found herself wondering from what point the lights become so blindingly bright that the world around her faded out with one final spin, just to wake up here, and feel this?

It's time for some more.

_Open your eyes_

The voice was barely audible, but she followed its instruction, swallowed her fear, and boldly opened her eyes.

Why was everything so blurry? Her eyes felt like glue, but not just any type of glue, one that had actually been plastered there intentionally by someone else. She tried to recall the name of the condition that had these same symptoms and remembered it to be a dirty one called conjunctivitis. But this was different.

_I mean, look right in front of you; it’s all there._

She turned her head to try and find the source of the voice, was someone waiting for her in her room? One of her friends perhaps?

Just as gradually as she had awoken, her eyes started to focus on the room around her, there was most certainly a blurry figure at the end of her bed. Slowly, the wrinkles and folds on their loosely hung clothes began to form. Male? Female? She still couldn't tell. She noticed her breathing was quite uneven, and her body shuddered involuntarily, taking in a sharp, deep, intake of breath, the room shrunk and grew larger. She brought her trembling hands up to clutch her pounding head. She then discovered she was lying on a bed of scattered blankets. There were also various newspapers on the floor from god knows when, newspapers weren’t even printed anymore.

Her mind automatically turned to her fears and worries, despite knowing well they would only hinder her. She needed to get inside soon. Putting up with this state for another few days would only bring her dangerously close to losing herself and she knew it. The sweat falling from her lean figure had through soaked the newspaper and bed sheets, which were a simple luxury in themselves. Part of a page was stuck to her leg. Sighing with frustration, she gently pried the piece of paper from her leg. The ink had transferred to her leg.

**"IN FRONT OF YOU"**

She stared at the words for a few minutes, feelings of curiosity washed over her. Didn’t the voice just tell her the same thing?

Her lips curled up in a smile and she soon forgot all her discomfort. Quickly jumping from her bum to all fours, she frantically threw around the newspapers in search of it. Frightened it would disappear at any moment, she slipped in her haste to reach it. She fell to the floor with a thud, banging her chin severely on the metal in front of her. The pain racked her body, and she let herself breathe while waiting for the dizziness to subside.

Terrified of the pain she might feel if she lifted her head, she outstretched her arms slightly to snatch the oddly shaped bottle in front of her with gratitude. There was a note tied around the lid, but her hands trembled in desperation to get at the liquid inside, and she tore at it aggressively. _Whatever happened to button vials._ She gulped the contents down, almost choking on the sweet taste of the liquid. She felt her eyes roll into the back of her head with immense relief, and fell backwards onto the bed, clutching the bottle hopelessly to her mouth, sucking the liquid gold into her body. She felt every muscle in her body start to relax instantly. Her trembling ceased, but a different kind of nightmare was now beginning in her head. When her eyes finally opened violently, she reached for the note she has previously discarded. She was afraid of the words she might see on the note, what if they were words of caution, or furthermore a warning that this would be the last time she would feel even remotely herself, ever again.

_This was all I could get; I had to go through a lot to get it.
Hold in there, I'm sorry I can’t be there to take care of you.
Sage and I are doing our best to help you, Aqua, it's just going to
take a while to find a plug in. Hold in there. - Aries_

She felt her anger well up, flooding her entire body with a rage that was so formidable she imagined it shaking the room. A plug-in. She scoffed. Just like the false plug-in that had been given to me up at the city? She felt her eyes focus. This plug-in had to be one that would ensure her life, the Ethescals had done nothing but given her false hope the first time around, she knew it was up to her now. She felt like crying, but no tears would leave her eyes, her body didn’t have the ability to create tears, and hadn’t for the last few months. How much longer did she have to go through with this?

Having more mental clarity she was able to focus her mind on more productive thoughts and her face softened at the thought of Aries. She was going to be safe. Aquarius knew that Aries and Sage would find a way, there was no question about it. Despite the warmth and safety she felt while thinking of her friends, she brought her mind back to the present moment, the world was starting to change around her. The room was still there, but it was far away now. She was high. Lost in that place the mind should never enter. This state housed her deepest fears, her greatest pleasures, as well as screaming voices, sometimes so loud; she wondered if there were aliens in her head. She was dangerously high. Liquid was the only option she currently had in tricking her mind into not killing her body. That didn’t mean it was the safest way, or preferable. She took a look at the bottle through the spinning haze of colours around her, or within her. She decided that this would only be enough to get her through the next few days, a few days that her mind would have to suffer through greatly.

_It’s not meant to be like this._

The next few days would be full of memories from the past, people from the past, ideas, words, feelings from the past, all forced into her brain, despite the fact she was treacherously far into the future. She couldn’t take it much longer. She decided to pay attention to her blessings instead of worrying about things currently out of her control, and noticed that her body certainly was regaining its strength. She would probably be able to stand in the next few minutes, that was if someone from 1500 years ago didn’t decide to punch her in the face.

_I’ll be alright._ She told herself over and over, her room was empty for now, and the voices were only just beginning. She needed to find food, and fast, before it became to dangerous for her to venture outside. If she was scanned right now, it would cost her life.

Leo had once explained to her exactly how the scanners that roamed the Surface City dump worked. They generally only scanned the surface of your brain, meaning the last couple of hours, however, if you were unlucky, up to a whole day. Aquarius understood however that they would notice immediately just by scanning the surface that she was currently on liquid. Liquid was a special kind of drug given to Ethescals to sustain their sickness when the waiting lists for the system were going to take a couple of days. The drug was strictly for authorised personnel, citizens, people who paid for it. She was not one of those people. If she was caught on this drug, she would first be taken in to explain to them how it was to come into her possession, and after they had scanned the information out of her, she would be shot dead. Just the very thought completely racked her body with waves of fear.

_I need Leo._

Her muscles were regaining their balance. She stood up tall, and took in a shallow breath of polluted Surface City air. She felt her stomach eating away at itself. For all she knew, she could have been asleep for anything up to two or three. It all depended on the dose Cancer had injected her with. Cancer was slowly perfecting the injection, putting the body into deep sleep slowed down the brain, and therefore the process. It was her only hope of surviving while Aries and Sage could find either find her some liquid, or break into a highly protected area harbouring a machine.

Aquarius had been living off liquid now for three weeks. She was barely holding her grasp on reality. Leo was gone. Leo also had no idea what was happening to her. Without Leo, all of them were worse off. Although Cancer was well connected, and Pisces knew carloads about break-ins and stealing without getting caught, no-one knew Ethes City like Leo. My mind wondered all the things he might be doing during the months he would spend away from us. He was a mystery to her. She yearned for him, and felt increasingly vulnerable the longer he spent away. She was reserved to never let him find out this fact thought, and she felt herself sink into a smirk as she marvelled at her own pride. For all his time away, good was being done in the world. He lived up there, he worked up there, and he was the cities dark-angel. She felt a familiar pang. Furrowing her eyebrows she pushed thoughts of him aside.

She peeked around the house. The couch where Pisces usually sat while blasting music and hacking Ethes code, was now empty. The house was completely silent, her mind wasn’t. Wasn’t Cancer given strict orders to never leave me alone? Aquarius knew these rules were in place for a reason, she was hazardous after the first few hours of drinking the liquid, with effects the effects being deadly hallucinations and hysteria, could anyone really blame her? She shrugged the thought away, she had been going through this for weeks now, she was certain she would be able to ignore all the things that would try to drag her deep into her subconscious hell.

Standing up from the bed, she relished in the feeling of her feet hitting the ground strong and steady. She bent her knees and pushed off forward towards the kitchen. Digging around for anything she could find. As suspected she had sucked the house dry, but she hadn’t spent the house into bankruptcy. She found some Ethos around the house and started to delegate how she was going to go about getting out of the house and down to the market to bargain a nutrient pack right into her mouth. She looked at the money in her hand, then towards the door. It was only a ten minute run from here. Could she do it?

“I wouldn’t advise it.”

Her lungs opened, she inhaled a large breath of air so quickly that that she coughed and fell backwards into the wall.

Ignore it. Get out of here. Ignore it.

Tears started to well in her eyes with her newfound strength, the strength her body should be entitled to, as she glanced at the girl who had appeared on her couch. Long dark hair, bright piercing blue eyes, hands in lap, and a face wiped clean of any emotion. Aquarius had to tear her eyes away just to walk forward. Her knees were wobbly, but not owing to fear, they were wobbly simply because they hadn’t been used properly in weeks.

“If you don’t find me, I promise you will die.” Her voice wasn’t one tone anymore. It was harsh and decisive.

Aquarius turned towards her with irritation. She hated when they tried to get her attention by speaking words of imminent death. Aquarius wasn’t afraid of death, she was only afraid that she wouldn’t be able to fight just to live.

“You aren’t real.” Aquarius pointed a finger at her accusingly, the girl simply smiled in response.

“I’m very hurt by you saying that. If I’m not real, then you have no chance at all of being real.” This girl had become a frequent visitor during her peak on liquid, and she was starting to haunt her dreams, as well as waking life. Although Aquarius had never seen her face before, she knew her voice, and she also seemed to be learning the feeling inside her heart when she was around. Amazed at the way she was able to recognise and sense the girls soul, despite never meeting her, Aquarius waited for her to speak again.

“If you don’t help me, you will die.” Her smile morphed into a twisted snickering grin. “Come and find me. This time I am not playing.”

### Until the next chapter...
